Mark 22.2.13 ARM on Linux and Docker as Limited Access (#17703)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.1/install-cockroachdb-linux.md

<div id="download-the-binary-linux" class="install-option">
  <h2 id="install-binary">Download the binary</h2>
  {% include {{ page.version.version }}/misc/linux-binary-prereqs.md %}
  <ol>
    <li>
      <p>Visit <a href="/docs/releases/index.html">Releases</a> to download the CockroachDB archive for the architecture of your Linux host. The archive contains the <code>cockroach</code> binary and the supporting libraries that are used to provide <a href="spatial-data-overview.html">spatial features</a>. Extract the archive and optionally copy the <code>cockroach</code> binary into your <code>PATH</code> so you can execute <a href="cockroach-commands.html">cockroach commands</a> from any shell. If you get a permission error, use <code>sudo</code>.</p>
    </li>
    <div class="bs-callout bs-callout--info"><div class="bs-callout__label">Note:</div>

>     <p>If you plan to use CockroachDB's <a href="spatial-data-overview.html">spatial features</a>, you must complete the following steps. Otherwise, your installation is now complete.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>If you plan to use CockroachDB's <a href="{% link {{ page.version.version }}/spatial-data-overview.md %}">spatial features</a>, you must complete the following steps. Otherwise, your installation is now complete.</p>
```
